_quote from source (p.35-36): https://www.agner.org/optimize/optimizing_cpp.pdf_

# Pointers versus references

Pointers and references are equally efficient because they are in fact doing the same thing.

Example:

    // Example 7.12
    void FuncA (int * p)
    {
      *p = *p + 2;
    }

    void FuncB (int & r)
    {
      r = r + 2;
    }


These two functions are doing the same thing and if you look at the code generated by the compiler you will notice that the code is exactly identical for the two functions. The <span style="color:blue">difference is simply a matter of programming style</span>. The advantages of using pointers rather than references are:

* When you look at the function bodies above, it is clear that p is a pointer, but it is not clear whether r is a reference or a simple variable. <span style="color:blue">Using pointers makes it more clear to the reader what is happening</span>.

* It is possible to do things with pointers that are impossible with references. You can change what a pointer points to and you can do arithmetic operations with pointers.

The advantages of using references rather than pointers are:

* The syntax is simpler when using references.

* <span style="color:blue">References are safer to use than pointers</span>. because in most cases they are sure to point to a valid address. <span style="color:blue">Pointers can be invalid and cause fatal errors if they are uninitialized</span>, if pointer arithmetic calculations go outside the bounds of valid addresses, or if pointers are type-casted to a wrong type.

* References are useful for copy constructors and overloaded operators.

* Function parameters that are declared as constant references accept expressions as arguments while pointers and non-constant references require a variable.
